Rebecca: It's not so much the
physical implications of going deaf and blind.
What I always felt
was just a sense of not really belonging.
I felt like there was something
fundamentally wrong with me.
There was so much shame
that came with that.
There was a lot of isolation.
There was a lot of hiding.
[music plays]
Fatou: I have seen and come across
a lot of DeafBlind people
tucked away from society.
Korrine: I ended up losing a lot of my
friends because everyone
kind of saw me as different and of course
they didn't know what to expect.
Neither did I, but it hurt.
Rebecca: Everybody is able to do
all of these things
that I am progressively
no longer able to do.
And these are things
people don't want to think about.
Alice: Mental health.
Big, big, big deal.
Keeping it, bigger deal.
Finding a therapist?
That's a serious adventure.
Rebecca: I think in that process
of starting to see these
less from a place of what I can't do
and what I'm not
and working more towards
what I can do, what I can learn.
[music plays]
Fatou: My name is Fatou Sankanu.
Korrine: My name is Korrine Herlth.
Alice: My name is Alice Eaddy.
Rebecca: I’m Rebecca Alexander.
I am a psychotherapist, an author
I want people to develop the comfort
with understanding that mental health
very much drives who we are
and how we interact with the world
and how we see ourselves.
Korrine: I can do this.
Just because I'm blind
doesn't mean I can't.
Fatou: Really, It's any time when
you're feeling under the gun
or you feel like you want to give up,
remind yourself it's going to be okay.
Alice: It's okay.
I'll grow on you or I'll make you nuts.
But, you know...
...that's the way life is.
It's meant to be lived.
[music ends]